Your job is to get a minecraft workspace to work inside Open Agent. By this I mean being able to start a Mission where
Sisyphus (the default agent) has access to an isolated workspace you have created, where shard launcher CLI is installed 
(see https://github.com/Th0rgal/shard/releases/tag/v0.1.14), and there is a profile in 1.21.11 with MC-CLI installed
(see https://github.com/Th0rgal/mc-cli). There has already been significant work to do so (you will see many workspaces created for tests).
But there are still many things to fix.

At the end you will only keep one Minecraft workspace (the other minecraft workspaces can be deleted) with 
mc-cli and shard installed and correctly setup with my minecraft accounts (I believe it is already the case).
The script of these workspaces should work so that if you rebuild the workspace you immediately get all you
need to be able to work.

At the end:
- You should be able to launch an agent (Sisyphus or another more relevant, check ./context/ oh my opencode to compare the options)
that is able to connect to demo.oraxen.com in 1.21.11 and to build a little minecraft house (the desktop would being streamed).
- An agent would be able to build a plugin locally (like hackedserver whose source code is downloaded from github), deploy it on
the test server (demo.oraxen.com) by ssh, and restart the server, and connect with mc-cli and check that the mods are correctly detected

You will do so using playwright and ensure the UI/UX is good. You will take screenshots regularly and also ensure that the 
desktop is visible, and you can indeed see Minecraft. You may create or rebuild many workspaces until it works (using the ubuntu template or existing ones),
you will also fix any bugs you find along the way, and find improvements that could be done to make the process better.
You may edit the skills enabled in the workspace, edit the skills directly, etc.

Deploy the backend on remote server (root@95.216.112.253), the test nextjs website is already running on port 3001 (for testing with playwright).
You will probably need to redeploy many times (after each fix), to be able to test that it works.